what is OS? ( 3 main reponsibility)
Operating system is a software that acts an interface between hardware and user .
It acts as a platform for other software to run on. 
It is responsible for resource management like  cpu , memory ,disk drives and other input output devices .   


What is Process?
Process is a program that is currently under execution.
A process in memory is divided int o 4 parts - Stack, Heap, Text, Data.


Multi core : a processor having many cores (i3: dual core ,(i5,i7 :quad core) ,octa core)
  many cores means many processors in one processor
  most time multi processor means  multi core 
  eg. My laptop, my phone and other computers that people generally have 

Multi processor : Many processors ( in servers or high gaming pc)

Only 1 process can remain in 1 processor at a time.

Sequential processing : After one process completes then other runs
Concurently : 1st process runs partialy then 2nd runs partialy then 1st runs partialy .... and then all process completes
Parallelly : When many processes run at same time 

Multi Programing : When multiple programs run on 1 processor concurently.
	when 1 process wants I/O resource the OS interupts it and assigns the processor to other Process.
	if This process waiting for I/O resource is not interupted then other processes have to wait for its 
	completion and CPU becomes idle.

Multi Tasking : When Multiple tasks run on 1 processor Concurently making illusion that all tasks are parallely processed. 
		This illusion is made possible by help of time slicing every process gets time slice after which
		other process gets the processor. As this time slice is very small and cpu is very fast we feel that
		all process are execting parallely.
		Multi tasking  is a varition of Multi programing as we context switch if I/O resource is not available
		but in Multi tasking we context switch after each time slice.

Multi Processing : When Multiple programs run on Multiple processors Parallely this increases the efficiency 
		  eg in a quad core processor 4 processes can run in 4 cores of processor 

Multi Threading : When Multiple threads run on Multiple Processor or single processor  in parallel or Concurrently .
		  A process contains many threads which are running on Multiple processors .
		eg. In whatsapp when we are reading messages, parallely many threads like Status of different people,
		 messages from different people ,sending a long video , sending a photo ,downloading a video or photo
		all are threads which are running parallely on many or 1 processor.

Nowadays a computer uses all Multi Programing, Multi Tasking , multi processing & multi threading  techniques combiningly

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-multitasking-multithreading-and-multiprocessing/
https://medium.com/@ayushranjan_63500/intro-to-multi-threading-4e700333efc1
https://www.backblaze.com/blog/whats-the-diff-programs-processes-and-threads/

Thread - It is small process(light weight process) which is a part of a process .
	A process can have multiple threads .
	All threads have there own program counters , registers,  stack.
	ALL threads within a process share common memory of process.(but process have different memeory).
	All threads within a process can communicate with each other very easily. 
	( where as in process Inter Process Communication is very complex Mechanism )
	Threads can be created very fastly ( where as creation of Process take time) 

https://medium.com/computethecloud/operating-system-concepts-4dff340775ab


