GET	When we want to retieve data from database ( idempotent )
POST	When we want to create new data in database (if we make same POST request twice 2 different user are created)
PUT	When we want to update data in database ( idempotent means if we make same PUT reqst twice new user is not creatd)

What is a Framework ?
A software that makes developement work easy i.e. a developer does not need to code repetitive tasks from scratch . 
eg. using Bootstrap framework for css and js is used for making responsive web apps makes things like making nav bar,
	 hamburger button, jumbotron container very easy to make without writing code for css and js
 
Django(of python), Laravel(of PHP) etc make Backend Web developement easy like both have settings file in which we can 
change the DBMS (sqlite, Mysql, Oracle etc) with one word i.e. we do not have to write different queries if we change DBMS
CRUD operations in views and user authentication   are made very easy.

https://hackr.io/blog/what-is-django-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-using-django
https://impressit.io/blog/best-backend-frameworks/


Framework vs Libraries :         https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-framework-vs-library/
Your Code  calls the funtion (of Library)
Framework calls your code  ( and then code calls the library)  

MVC ( Model View Controller )         https://www.codecademy.com/articles/mvc
MVC model is a way of Development (organizing program files ) in which frontend developers and backend developers 
can work parallely .
Earlier sql Queries and and other commands were written in same file.
Model : this file contains architecture of data and real world entities
View : It contains functions which interact with user
Controller : controls flow of data between Model and View


MVT (Model View Template )
MVT is a Django variation of the famous MVC Model.
Templates : it contains HTML files
There’s an object-relational mapper built-in to Django (the Model), 
a system for processing HTTP requests with a built-in templating engine (the View), and a URL dispatcher (the Controller).

